Staff can be friendly or not .
No great luxury , but when looking for affordable , clean accommodation in a good location , then this is your spot !
Room was clean , bit on the small side but good value for money .
The check 路 out was alright , two other guests took quite some time to check out and no other member of staff was called to the reception to speed up the checkout process for the other guests .
Overall 路 it 's absolutely alright for the price you pay and the breakfast 路 while nothing special 路 is a nice plus .
The bar staff looked tired and overworked but did make an effort to smile and make nice comments to you once they knew you were English .
WiFi is free but not stable making it annoying when you lose connection and have to login again .
Our room was unfortunately very small , but the bed were very comfortable , linen very clean .
Fine classic hotel but service needs to be improved
The location of the Pension is PERFECT .. BEST LOCATION EVER .... but everything else is negative .. It is not clean , staff are not friendly at all , it is not safe .... I am not recommending it to anyone ...
The waiters from Lobby Bar Mina , Weal and Milad Restaurant bar were realy reliable , helpful and litle bit serious .
The food was very basic , but edible with good bread , soup and desserts .
But regrettably the hotel was renovated and covered with constriction things all over the building .
The rooms are one of the cleanest Travelodges I 've been too however the corridors and reception area is a little rough from all of the Hen / Stag weekend traffic .
There is a little gym in the first floor .
The grounds are very extensive and so the walking can be far from the main buildings .
Location is close to the station but this hotel was all in all quite an unpleasant experience looking into the hotel " hardware " .
Brilliant holiday except from the food the food was diabolical .
stayed at the itc twice once in a single room during the celebrations for queens dayfor five nights and was very dissapointed with the singke room. was assured that the double room was better so myself and my partner stayed for five nights later in the same month and found the room to be clean comfortable and adequate for what we wanted we did not have the breakfast at the hotel and found this to be the right choice due to the availability of better food locally
Small cheap hotel
